refactor: moves config details out of quick start (#19)
brown-ccv/honeycomb-docs: docs/quick_start.md

### 1. Start your new task from our template repository

> The simplest way to get started is creating a new repository using Honeycomb as a template. This option will allow you to generate a new repository with the same directory structure and files as an existing repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The simplest way to get started is creating a new repository using Honeycomb as a template. This option will generate a new repository with the same directory structure and files as the existing repository.
```

This will launch an electron window with the task and inspector open. It will hot-reload whenever changes are made to the app.

> ### 6. Learn about configuring you task for diffent enviroments

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### 6. Learn about configuring your task for different environments
```

> HoneyComb tasks can be configured to run as a webapp in Firebase, as desktop application via electron, to receive port signals from EEG, cameras, foot pedals and more. To learn more about how ro configure your task for these different scenarios, see the [Connfiguration Section](/docs/configuration).

Reviewer: Also I think it's "Honeycomb" not "HoneyComb"? Not 100% sure
```suggestion
HoneyComb tasks can be configured to run as a web app in Firebase, as desktop application via electron, to receive port signals from EEG, cameras, foot pedals and more. To learn more about how to configure your task for these different scenarios, see the [Configuration Section](/docs/configuration).
```

### 7. Check out the data

> The data is saved throughout the task. When running as a Deskto App, data is saved to the users's app directory. When running as Web App in Firebase, data is stored in the FireStore. 
> 
> For a Desktop App, the location of the  is logged at the beginning of the task wherever you ran `npm run dev`. Data is also stored in a folder that is generated by the app, which should be found on the desktop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data is saved throughout the task. When running as a Desktop App, data is saved to the user's app directory. When running as Web App in Firebase, data is stored in the FireStore. 

For a Desktop App, the location of the  is logged at the beginning of the task wherever you ran `npm run dev`. Data is also stored in a folder that is generated by the app, which should be found on the desktop.
```
